=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_set_status_callback,
SSL_get_status_callback
- set or get the callback for getting handshake status information

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 #ifndef OPENSSL_NO_STATUS
 void SSL_set_status_callback(SSL *s,
                              int (*status_callback)(unsigned char *p,
                                                     unsigned int length,
                                                     SSL_status *param),
                              unsigned int ssl_status_enable, void *param);
 int (*SSL_get_status_callback(const SSL *s)) (unsigned char *p,
                                               unsigned int length,
                                               SSL_status *param);
 #endif

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_set_status_callback() can be used to define a status callback function
I<status_calllback> for getting handshake status information (such as client
session id, client cipher list, client supported_groups extension, client
rsa_pre_master_key, server session curve_name, server EC pubkey, etc) that are
received or sent, as well as other events that occur during processing.
Using a B<NULL> pointer for I<status_callback> or 0 for ssl_status_enable
disables the status information callback.

SSL_get_status_callback() returns a pointer to the currently set status
information callback function for B<ssl>.

The SSL_set_status_callback() function arguments have the following meaning:

=over 4

=item I<s>

The B<SSL> object that received or sent the message.

=item I<status_callback>

The status callback function pointer.

When I<status_callback> is called by the SSL/TLS library the function arguments
have the following meaning:

=over 8

=item I<p>, I<length>

I<p> points to a buffer containing the status information (the specific format
needs to be parsed according to the type in param), which consists of I<length>
bytes. The buffer is no longer valid after the callback function has returned.

=item I<param>

I<SSL_status> structure defined in ssl.h.in

=back


=item I<ssl_status_enable>

Whether to enablethe status callback function, 1 is to enable, 0 is to disable.

=item I<arg>

The user-defined argument optionally.

=back

=head1 RETURN VALUES

SSL_set_status_callback() has no return value.

SSL_get_status_callback() returns the current setting.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2022 The Tongsuo Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0 (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://github.com/Tongsuo-Project/Tongsuo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>

=cut
